1/14/2024:
Today I will be creating a basic workout generator. I will create classes for each category of workout. A Cardio file/class, a HIIT file/class, a Legs class/file,
a Push day file/class, and a Pull day class/file. Each class will contain a list of workouts that fall under each category. In the main file I will import these files
and import the random python module. I want the random module so that way it will pick a random set of workouts rather than printing the whole list.

1/17/2024:
Today I will implement the datetime module so that way when the user starts the program it will welcome them with a good morning, good afternoon, or good evening message
depending on what it is where they are located. I will also place the while loop in it's own function in order to clean up the main function. I will also have my program
print a string instead of a list. I will create a new branch in order to try and implement this functionality. Once I complete it, I will merge it to the main branch.

1/18/2024
I was able to turn the list into a string. However, I will need to work on it a bit more in order to make sure the print statement comes out gramatically correct. Today I 
will create a database to track users of the app. I still don't know if I will implement a login or just have the user enter their name. I will work more on the login 
functionality in the future.

1/19/2024
10:00 AM : I have fixed the login function.
8:50 PM : Users are now able to be added to the database while the 'id' column autoincrements.

1/22/2024
4:50 PM : Registered an account on api ninjas in order to gain access to nutrition information. I plan on adding a nutrition section to my program in oder to help with calorie 
counting.

1/23/2024
2:00 PM : Recreated the users table and created a nutrition table for users to log what they have eaten and the nutrition table has a foreign key named "user_id" which references 
the "id" column in the users table. I also created a nutrition.py file/class to create a log function and I added a function to access the nutrition table in db_access.py. 